Documentation table of content (#411)
vivid-planet/comet-admin: packages/admin-stories/src/docs/icons/IconsUsage.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";

<Meta title="Docs/Icons/Usage" />

# @comet/admin-icons

## Simple Icon Rendering

> Import desired icon from `comet/admin-icons` and use it like normal React Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import desired icon from `comet/admin-icons` and use it like a regular React Component
```
